hi minecraft friends in this video
I'm going to show you how to do
install a mod that allows us
transform us into any nps there
in minecraft
The first thing we have to do is
download these two bikes loader and the
motorcycle in question
and then let's run the start more
the r key and we type% app data by
we accept
we open the minecraft folder then the
bin folder then we open the file
minecraft point
winrar or 7 zip
and that you want in which you
have installed
The first thing we do is eliminate the
meta folder and whenever we install a
mod you have to delete it if you do not create
be minecraft
then we open the pnüma torio to der
we select everything and we have it
then we open the mold in question
shapeshifter if I have a very English
good
and we select everything and we have it
we accept so we close and close
minecraft we started but could daub
we will not be able to do it
but we could
well here we are to put the mount
installed and
I'll show you what it does
pressing the key
this menu appears with the different
npc that there is in minecraft and pressing
in some of them like for example wolf
what is the wolf
we left this menu
pressing the f5 key we see that we
we have transformed into a wolf but it is not
only that we can transform ourselves into
chain of fish but every npc has
his virtue has his ability that is
You can use by pressing the key
If we press lage with the logo, we will
have more speed
let's go to the others
in epc good we have the clipper that
let's leave for the end we have the
spider we can transform into spider
there we are the spider
if we press the articulate as
can see scalar
with the key activated and as you can see
we do not need to do anything
we can scale now we can go to
be some chicken chickens always
we change the sculpting texture of npc
is going to stay with the previous texture
but it's only for a moment because
when we take out the menu it has its texture
well with the chicken what we can do
is to fly by pressing the g key once
and pressing the bar
as you can see we're flying will
falling if we keep the bar
pressed
then we have the more we can
be the inder man
uy
and his skill his ability his power
whatever you want to call it is that
we press a big g key and there
up on the left we can see what
says teleport if we point to a block
let's go to it with the right button
we do this as you can see there is
pointing to that block
so the truth is very good to him
you are
then we have the 12 lots that I eat
also like the logo have speed
and be able to jump higher from two
blocks later also
here is Moors
the cenotes
it also has speed and then
we can be for example
some fish that allows us to be
fish all the fish because it is
dry fish
is that we are not going to move much faster
and convert there the little bubbles that would be
our oxygen does not pass the time we do not
we drown
then we have the snow man
kessel in the snow golem
his ability or his power is that when he goes
walking by pressing the g key when
we are walking, leaving snow
then we have the place
that if we select
we impressed lage going to throw balls of
fire
according
then we have to spend too
to me
you can also fly obviously and
also strip fireballs
well we have the golem
that sneak
has loaded more texture is a small
owl that has
then we can be giants
as you can see there we are huge
enormous what is the skill that has
being giant when we can go
pressing everything by pressing the g key and
pressing
the right button of the mouse
there
it's like it's going to tnt because we do
that exploits everything obviously we are
being a giant people then or
We can do this
and finally we leave for the last to
our friend the clipper
to be able to measure then say goodbye
how it should be
being some clippers but they have
liked the video they like the mont and
until the next video